If you're so innocent,
find us the real culprit, money and all.
Three years ago, Natsumi embezzled money
from the organization.
It says here the money
went to you, Mr. Kaieda.
Sir, I'm sorry. I only took a couple million.
But I know nothing of the missing billion.
I didn't kill Natsumi either!
I've decided to trust you, Ichika.
Let's both survive for our family's sake.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot - Day 3]
Now don't misunderstand. This is just...
Is she the reason you were avoiding me?
No.
Then why were you missing for half a year?
Tell me what's going on.
I was getting therapy.
Work got me depressed.
We were celebrating my recovery.
She just passed out after a few drinks.
I saw her the other day, too.
Who is she?
Someone I know from work.
A fellow officer?
An accountant.
How do you know an accountant?
I already told you.
She's someone I met on the job.
He's saying he wants you out.
Why not accept the divorce already?
I know he handed you the papers.
I'm speaking to my husband right now.
And you're interrupting our time together.
Please leave us.
You leave us.
Sorry, could you...
I'll be back.
Well...
Why didn't you chase her out?
Well... I felt bad for her.
You won't be fooling his wife, you know.
That's why I was being so pushy.
Cover up your bruises with this.
W-What do I do now, Ichika?
Anything you don't know, you "forgot about".
Bring her somewhere to talk,
and end things quickly.
I'll listen in, so keep me on the phone.
Yes, ma'am.
See you.
Let's talk somewhere else.
My place is a mess.
I'm getting changed.
Be my guest.
[Calling - I]
Thanks.
Mayu Gido, a nutritionist
at an elementary school.
They met at 26, and then got married.
They've been apart for 5 years,
and divorce is imminent for them.
She's his wife, and I know nothing about her.
How'd you get inside?
I never gave you a key.
I had the landlord let me in.
I told them I was your wife.
That burns!
Mornings at a diner make me nostalgic.
For?
You proposed while downing a bowl of curry.
Ah, their proposal.
We promised to overcome
all difficulties together, remember?
I forgot.
Why didn't you come to me?
You'd always respond to my texts,
and then suddenly, nothing.
Do you realize how worried I was?
You must have been spiraling
to take off a whole six months.
I wish you'd told me.
I wanted to be there for you.
Or is it that you loathe me now?
[I: Don't pity her.]
Let's end this.
You're still young. You'll find someone else.
I'm not leaving you.
Please.
Then why are you still wearing that necklace?
I gave that to you.
I forgot.
Liar. You wouldn't forget.
You flew out the house asking for a divorce
without even explaining yourself.
Tell me what's really going on.
You're hiding something from me, aren't you?
[I: Start wrapping up.]
I gotta go. Duty calls.
You've got a job too, no?
[I: End this, now.]
Don't come to my place again.
I've had enough of you.
I'm not filing the divorce
until you explain yourself.
Leave it, I'll pay.
I wrapped it up, Ichika.
You were here?
Yeah, I took a seat in the corner.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Could we be put on the same bill?
Of course.
I think I'll get myself a mille crepe.
And you?
I feel awful. We're lying to her.
How would she react
if she knew her husband was dead?
Then will you do things over with her
in Gido's place?
Of course not.
You can't be giving her any false hope.
But I can't just leave her.
Oh? So she's your type.
- No.
- She is a beauty.
That's not what I meant.
I feel bad for Natsumi.
Natsumi is my one and only.
I would never spare another woman a chance.
She's long gone, though.
You told me Gido and Mayu
were drifting apart.
Yes.
Was that another lie?
No.
That's the impression I got from Gido.
What did Gido say about his wife?
"I'm over her. I want her out of my life."
But why?
He said she was a pain to deal with.
He wouldn't skimp on the insults, either.
That's a bit much.
But it seems like Mayu still cares for him.
What do we do?
You have to push her away.
The worst thing you could do,
is lead her on.
Besides, you have bigger problems
to deal with.
If you don't find that money,
it's over for you.
I know.
I've brought your mille crepes.
- Thank you.
- Here you go.
Thank you.
Your mask is slipping.
Cut me some slack,
I want to enjoy this dessert.
I'm sorry! I know nothing!
I didn't steal no money!
Machi told me all about you, Kaieda.
She said you were a persistent fella.
Hah! I'd never lay a hand on your girl.
Our bond runs deeper than that.
Don't act like you know it all.
Sorry, sorry. Forgive me.
Please, forgive me!
Mr. Kaieda, this is Goroku.
[G]
Sir, I'm innocent!
It was Gido! He stole the money!
I was set up!
But it's true you used Natsumi
to embezzle money, no?
I'm sorry, sir.
I'll pay it all back in triple -
no, quadruple!
My company strives to make all parties happy,
customers, staff,
and business partners alike.
You are aware of those policies, yes?
Yes, of course.
Mr. Kaieda, you have worked tirelessly
for the betterment of my company.
As such, I will give you one more chance.
Thank you. Thank you, sir!
I thank god, Buddha, and you, Mr. Goroku!
However, if you're so innocent...
Find us the real culprit by midnight.
Sir, it's Gido.
Then find me the proof.
If Gido's guilty, he'll put the blame on you.
At this point, it's either you or him.
And I only want to keep capable folk around.
I hope I can expect great things from you.
Yes, sir. I will not let you down.
- Come on in.
- Excuse me.
Sir, Mr. Kobayashi's here.
- Hello.
- Mr. Kobayashi! Thank you for coming.
Nice to see you, Mr. Goroku.
Likewise.
Hey, good for you, Mr. Kaieda.
You've still got a bit left in you.
Fuyuhashi, I want you to lend me one.
A gun.
Anything's fair game now, right?
The times wouldn't agree with you, sir.
N-Now hold on...
We gotta tread carefully nowadays.
I can't just let you go on a rampage.
You think you know any better, brat?
I've been working with my noggin all my life!
Don't go giving Mr. Goroku
or the organization any trouble.
And be careful how you handle it.
Kiriya. Give him the rundown.
Yes, sir.
Least I know how to handle my women.
Another word, and you're dead.
Learn to take a joke, kid.
Okay. First, this is the safety catch.
Press it down, and you'll get your bullets.
- Excellent.
- Hey, watch it!
- Bang!
- No pointing it at me!
Morning.
- Sir.
- Morning.
Adachi, thanks for your help yesterday.
Anytime. But sir...
There you are, Gido. She's waiting for you.
Get on in already.
I came to give Mr. Mikami my regards.
You took a long break, after all.
I hadn't seen her since the wedding.
I heard this beauty nursed you, you lucky dog.
Don't take that for granted.
Mine's already getting round.
Sir, no speaking about body image like that.
Even about my own wife?
Just don't push yourself, dear.
Thank you for looking after my husband.
Of course.
Ma'am, I'm learning much from Inspector Gido
as I'm still a newcomer here.
Still, I will do all that I can
to support your husband.
Thank you.
Then I shall get going.
Thanks again for visiting.
This is just a little something for you all.
Thank you all for taking care of Gido.
We both appreciate it.
I'm glad it seems you two are getting along.
What?
I remember you were going to file for a divorce.
Seems like depression restored your love, eh?
Sir, what did you and Mayu talk about?
We were chatting about your attitude
at the office.
She wanted to know what you were up to
before your leave as well.
Seems like she's really worried about you.
You've scored a great wife, Gido.
Treat her right, yeah?
Sir, shall we debrief?
Hold that thought.
I guess he's seeing his wife off.
Now that's love.
Seems uncharacteristic of Mr. Gido, though.
Ichika, bad news.
One moment, please.
What's wrong?
Mayu came to the office.
What? Why?
I don't know. She came to give her regards?
Why would she do that?
She's either extremely hung up on Gido,
or she's a bonafide stalker.
I really can't be dealing with a stalker now.
Sorry, I'll talk with you later.
Morning, Mr. Gido.
Morning, Inspector Makita.
Quite the secluded place
to be taking a call, no?
I wanted some private time with the wife.
Cherishing those that are close, eh?
How sentimental.
I think relationships like his
are rather lovely, sir.
Personally, my career is at a halt
because of my wife.
You've heard of the hit-and-run, I take it.
Though I suppose it's brought us
closer together, in a way.
That frankness of yours
is very uncharacteristic of an inspector.
I get that often.
Secrets are just not my thing.
Right, introductions. This is Yuuri Hijikata,
from the Second Investigation Team.
Pleasure meeting you.
The TMPD's Second Investigation Team.
They specialize in investigating scams
and other malpractices.
The name's Ayumi Gido,
First Investigation Team.
Did you need something from me?
I hear you have ties with Kou Fuyuhashi.
That's correct. I currently use him as my S.
He is your informant? I see.
We believe Fuyuhashi is hiring part-timers
for shady business with his street kids.
Banking fraud, eh?
I'll leave that case to your team.
Our team focuses on murders and all that.
We believe a bigger organization
is backing Fuyuhashi's team.
Are you aware of the GooSix Corporation?
The folks who deal with restaurants
and hotels, as I recall?
Yes. Fuyuhashi has been seen visiting
associate companies of GooSix.
Rumor has it he has his part-timers
create corporate bank accounts as well.
And what of it?
Though this is only a speculation,
we believe GooSix's CEO
is using Fuyuhashi's group
to organize an extensive
money laundering scheme.
So the police have their suspicions
about Goroku.
If you know of anything between Fuyuhashi
and the GooSix Corp.,
we would appreciate the intel you have.
Unfortunately I've heard nothing of it.
I see. Then I shall visit again
if I have any further questions.
You're welcome any time.
If they catch on to Goroku's schemes,
Gido won't get off lightly.
Do I tell Goroku the police suspect him?
Your thoughts, Inspector?
I believe your suspicions are correct.
He was likely bought out by Fuyuhashi.
Wataru Goroku is an influential man.
He even has a hand in politics.
I suspect Goroku is Gido's true master.
If that's so, we may have landed ourselves
an even bigger catch.
[First Members Office Building
of the House of Representatives]
I hear the prime minister's made his call.
He's self destructing.
If elections run now, our party's done for.
Another party might take the spot.
Contact our supporters as soon as possible.
They say elections are coming up.
Pardon me, sir.
[Yaichi Makita]
We've looked more into
Natsumi Hayase's background.
Natsumi was raised by her single mother.
In high school,
her mother passed away in an accident,
and she attended college on scholarship,
while majoring in accounting.
She worked at an accounting firm
to pay back her scholarship after graduating,
while studying to become
a certified accountant.
This was when she met Riku Hayase,
and eventually married him.
Could I get one of this, please?
Of course.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Frequent chance encounters
brought them together at cafes,
and they eventually began
rounding them together.
- I understand completely.
- Hm?
Cakes are best enjoyed
when starting with the fruit on top.
Starting with the tart fruit...
Makes cake taste all the sweeter.
With her husband's support,
Natsumi soon became a certified accountant.
They were a well-known couple
in their neighborhood.
I know that better than anyone.
That's nothing new though, is it?
No, sir. Here's where it gets interesting.
We found another side to her.
According to a friend from college,
Natsumi worked the nightlife as a student.
Though she worked with several companies
after becoming certified,
she also helped a man named "Kou Fuyuhashi"
start up an NPO.
He is an individual whom Team Two
currently has their eyes on.
Inspector Gido.
If I'm not mistaken,
you met up with this man
by the Hayase Patisserie, no?
Fuyuhashi's my informant.
You get connections like that
in this line of work.
Is that so.
I apologize for questioning you, sir.
Any leads on Riku Hayase?
We had a citizen report a sighting.
A sighting?
A transportation company claims
their live-in worker looks just like him.
This is the first "sighting"
that's been reported in a while.
I'm sure it's another false lead.
I'll go check regardless.
I'll leave that to you.
You're not coming along, sir?
I'm going to speak with the folks
at Hayase Patisserie.
Again?
Gaining their trust
will make the investigation easier.
I'll handle every matter
regarding that family, got that?
Yes, sir.
One more thing, Inspector.
Here's that spare key to your locker.
It was delivered earlier.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
The more I look into Natsumi,
the more I learn of her.
Should I really be digging this deep
into her past?
I thought he was pushing for a divorce.
He still keeps this necklace on, too.
What exactly is going on here?
There wasn't a laptop at Gido's place.
There might be something
related to the case in here.
Hello.
Welcome home, Ta...
Takumi.
- Could I get a cream puff?
- Sure.
Grandma and I made more improvements.
Wash your hands.
You're serving a customer, remember?
Sorry, sir.
I'll take it as is.
Thanks again.
How is it?
Tastes delicious.
Right?
Customers will like that.
What's up?
Grandma's pushing herself.
Her arms and hips are hurting.
If I knew what I was doing,
I could make them instead.
But I still suck at it.
I should have had Dad teach me.
This is my number.
Call me about anything,
be it home or school.
I'll be there to listen, alright?
Thanks.
I could give you cake-making tips, too.
Baking's a hobby of mine, remember?
I'd say I've got the skills.
You'd never beat my dad, though.
Taku? Is that you?
Hi, Grandma.
Welcome home, dear.
Oh, Mr. Gido.
Ma'am, your cream puffs have improved.
Thank you.
But my, your timing is impeccable.
Your wife is visiting.
Pardon?
She came to offer a prayer.
What a wonderful lass indeed.
Mayu, your husband is here.
Would you also like to stay for tea?
No, thank you. Come on, let's go.
You don't need to be so pushy.
I apologize for the trouble my wife caused.
Oh, she was no trouble.
Mayu, you're welcome again any time.
Thank you.
Why are you here?
I saw you had a box from this patisserie.
[Hayase Patisserie]
But you don't have a sweet tooth.
As it turns out, you're looking into a case
involving this store.
Unbelievable.
You're treading into an investigation.
I want to know more about you.
Don't ever come here again.
And don't even think about following me around.
I won't be leaving you.
What is up with that woman?
This is insane.
Gido, speaking.
It's me.
Kaieda.
Bingo! I'm still kicking, bucko.
If anything, I'm more invigorated than ever.
So, where's the one billion, Gido?
I'd really appreciate your cooperation here.
If I don't show results today,
I can kiss my life goodbye.
Sorry, but I've got no time to cooperate.
Find a way out of this mess yourself.
You sure about talking like that, Gido?
Don't blame me
if your special someone pays the price.
I think she was wearing blue?
She's a real beauty, I'll give you that.
Your wife's name was Mayu, was it?
She's walking past a park right now.
No one's around, either.
Sounds mighty dangerous.
You oughta protect her.
Kaieda. Kaieda, wait.
Mayu.
Mayu!
No need to shout.
What did you do with Mayu?
I'm having an expert tail her.
One of my old clients
had connections, you could say.
I can make her disappear,
whenever, wherever.
Easy there.
If I don't check in every 30 minutes,
she's to be killed, no questions asked.
So keep your hands to yourself.
Where's the billion yen?
I don't know.
You think that'd work on me?
I forgot.
I'm not buying it.
We planned to steal that billion
with Natsumi three years ago.
That's when it happened.
Someone took the cash before we could,
and Natsumi disappeared.
Natsumi Hayase has disappeared.
She may be the one who stole our billion yen.
Everyone assumed Natsumi ran off
with the money.
But then her remains turned up.
Which means someone killed her.
The culprit's either you, or me.
And since I did nothing, you're guilty.
So where's the money?
Still got nothing for me?
Did Gido do it?
Did he threaten Natsumi,
and steal the money?
I don't mind killing your wife right now.
Mayu and I are through.
Who cares what happens to her.
Then I'll give the order now. Hey -
Fine!
I'll get you the money.
I knew you had it, scumbag.
Your deadline's 9PM tonight.
Bring it all to the container port.
If you're late, your wife's dead.
Alright.
Gido had plans to steal the money?
He never told me.
Really?
You said you would trust me.
Right, sorry. I'm a bit scared, is all.
What do I do if Gido murdered Natsumi?
Want to stop here?
No, let's press on. For Natsumi's sake.
Is that his fingerprint you took?
Let's check his emails
from around when Natsumi died.
[Warehouse Rental]
A warehouse?
He rented it out right before Natsumi passed.
Thank you, really.
You will be charged next month
for the new key.
We'll make a spare using this one,
so please return it to the desk afterwards.
You will receive your new key in two weeks.
Thank you.
This one.
What did you find?
[Natsumi Hayase]
Gido, he really did...
I'll go to the police and confess everything.
No. You don't have enough evidence.
Our first priority is rescuing Mayu.
Give me your car keys.
Kneel.
Hands behind your head.
Don't you dare move, you hear?
W-What's going on?
[G]
Evening, Mr. Kaieda. This is Goroku.
Kidnapping a civilian was a risky move.
I cannot allow your actions to slide.
I had the folks tailing Mrs. Mayu back down.
But sir, this was all to retrieve the money.
Gido has the billion, I'm sure of it!
We've already found the money, Mr. Kaieda.
What?
In one of your many apartments, in fact.
A girl you brought home gave us the tip.
That's impossible.
You. You set me up!
Mr. Kaieda.
Let's drop the act, why don't we?
Traitor!
He's the one who killed Natsumi
and stole the money.
You killed her!
Sir, I'm handing the phone to Gido.
Sorry to doubt you, Gido.
I'm just glad my suspicions were cleared.
Here's to our continued partnership.
Likewise.
Let me know if the police
start making their move.
Betray me, and you'll meet a fate
similar to Kaieda's.
What're you going to do with him?
Isn't that obvious? We're getting rid him.
The hole's gonna be a hassle to dig though.
You really had no hand in Natsumi's death?
You're getting on my nerves, punk.
Is that so.
Natsumi must be glad the culprit was caught.
Thank you.
Whatever.
I just wanted that old fart gone already.
This stays between us.
We know. Don't even bother telling us
what really happened.
So long as we can live in peace,
I don't care about the truth.
I've rebooted as the man
who murdered my wife.
We won't know
unless we find whoever killed Gido.
I'm not blaming you, Ichika.
I just feel like an absolute fool.
Natsumi was suffering on her own.
She had so many secrets to her.
If I had ever noticed...
Things wouldn't have turned out this way.
If you'll excuse me.
Welcome home.
I told you not to drop by again.
I won't be leaving you.
Enough.
You aren't my wife.
Don't show yourself to me again.
I know you're not my husband.
I had my suspicions from the start.
But hugging you confirmed it.
You aren't Gido.
What are you talking about?
Gido was investigating a certain man.
And you're desperate to protect
that man's family.
You are Riku Hayase, are you not?
I promise I won't tell a soul.
I promise, so please.
I just want to see Gido again.
Please, tell me where he is.
You're not making any sense. Leave.
Gido called me today.
Today?
He warned me, and said I was being tailed.
But that wasn't "you".
That was the real Gido.
Gido... is still alive?
Where is Gido?
[Is Gido alive?]
Human beings are an absolute riot.
Fuyuhashi, why are you...
[Is Gido alive?]
Riku Hayase may have gotten plastic surgery.
[The shocking truth is revealed...]
You're finally looking cornered.
Where is the ten billion?
[The shocking truth is revealed...]
Ten billion?
[A "ten billion theft case"!]
No, this is a trap.
She's telling a lie.
[Hayase is in danger once again!]
I murdered Natsumi,
and buried her in the mountains.
I'm not Gido!
[The horror steakhouse...]
I am Riku Hayase.
[and Ichika's shocking confession]